Issue110 update restconf example (#111)
aristanetworks/openmgmt: docs/examples/restconf/curl.md

"switch1"
```

#### Get PfxRcd and PfxAcc stats from a BGP neighbor

```shell
 curl -s GET 'https://192.0.2.100:5900/restconf/data/network-instances/network-instance=default/protocols/protocol=BGP,BGP/bgp/neighbors/neighbor=192.0.2.21/afi-safis/afi-safi=IPV4_UNICAST' \
    --header 'Accept: application/yang-data+json' -u cvpadmin:arastra --insecure | jq
```

Output:

```shell
{
  "openconfig-network-instance:afi-safi-name": "openconfig-bgp-types:IPV4_UNICAST",
  "openconfig-network-instance:config": {
    "afi-safi-name": "openconfig-bgp-types:IPV4_UNICAST"
  },
  "openconfig-network-instance:state": {
    "afi-safi-name": "openconfig-bgp-types:IPV4_UNICAST",
    "prefixes": {
      "arista-bgp-augments:best-ecmp-paths": 0,
      "arista-bgp-augments:best-paths": 0,
      "installed": 7,
      "received": 7,
      "sent": 7
    }
  }
}
```

> > NOTE: how the protocol has to have multiple keys, ie: `protocol=BGP,BGP`, in this case it's the `identifier` and
> > the `name` of the protocol, if we were to omit any of those on the switch side in the Octa/OpenConfig agent logs
> > we would see something like below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: The protocol must have multiple keys, i.e.: `protocol=BGP,BGP`, in this case, it's the `identifier` and
> the `name` of the protocol, if either of these is omitted; on the switch side in the 
> Octa/OpenConfig agent logs, an error similar to the following would be generated:
```

Reviewer: slight rewording.

>
> `handler.go:95] ERROR mismatch between number of keys in [identifier name] and values present [BGP]` or

> > if both would be omitted the error message would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> if both are omitted the error message would be:
```
